README.md, before:

# My Machine Learning Projects.

## Projects

### Predict BAT CryptoCurrency Close value

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/Predict_Stock_Prices)  

![CryptoCurrency png](img/crypto_bat-img.png)  

Will predict the close value of the Basic Attention Token currency based on its open value.

- Recurrent Neural Network, Long Short-Term Memory.  

- Flask, Jinja, CSS, JavaScript.

### Estimate the Global Sentiment behind Tweets

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/Sentiment_Estimator)  

![Sentiment Estimator gif](img/estimation-gif.gif)

Fetch some Tweets based on a given input and will estimate the global sentiment behind it.

- Logistic Regression.  

- Flask, Jinja, CSS, JavaScript.

### Classify SMS messages

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/SMS_Classifier) 

Classify SMS messages as either *ham* or *spam*.

- Python

### Generate Pokemon Songs

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/Generate_Music) 

![Pokemon OST Generator gif](img/pokemon-ost-gen.gif)

Will generate either a Battle, Route or Building song based on the fourth generation (Platinum/Diamond/Perl) of the Pokemon games.

- Gated Recurrent Units, Long Short-Term Memory.

- Flask, Jinja, CSS, JavaScript.

### Discord Bot

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/Discord_Bot) 

![Discord Bot gif](img/discord-bot.gif)

Will generate either a Battle, Route or Building song based on the fourth generation (Platinum/Diamond/Perl) of the Pokemon games.

- Python, Heroku, SQL.

Commit message:

Added description for the discord bot.

README.md, after:

# My Machine Learning Projects.

## Projects

### Predict BAT CryptoCurrency Close value

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/Predict_Stock_Prices)  

![CryptoCurrency png](img/crypto_bat-img.png)  

Will predict the close value of the Basic Attention Token currency based on its open value.

- Recurrent Neural Network, Long Short-Term Memory.  

- Flask, Jinja, CSS, JavaScript.

### Estimate the Global Sentiment behind Tweets

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/Sentiment_Estimator)  

![Sentiment Estimator gif](img/estimation-gif.gif)

Fetch some Tweets based on a given input and will estimate the global sentiment behind it.

- Logistic Regression.  

- Flask, Jinja, CSS, JavaScript.

### Classify SMS messages

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/SMS_Classifier) 

Classify SMS messages as either *ham* or *spam*.

- Python

### Generate Pokemon Songs

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/Generate_Music) 

![Pokemon OST Generator gif](img/pokemon-ost-gen.gif)

Will generate either a Battle, Route or Building song based on the fourth generation (Platinum/Diamond/Perl) of the Pokemon games.

- Gated Recurrent Units, Long Short-Term Memory.

- Flask, Jinja, CSS, JavaScript.

### Discord Bot

* [Access Repository](https://github.com/Scylidose/ml-projects/tree/master/Discord_Bot) 

![Discord Bot gif](img/discord-bot.gif)

Display a bot on Discord that will listen to the user's input and repeat a sentence for a specific number of times and in the targeted channel.

- Python, Heroku, SQL.
